[Music]
see line has followed up the successful
launch of the f5 30 in 2016 with the
scenes 532 Cruiser version they've
compensated for the absence of that fly
deck with a seven-man seating section on
the bow and a table that drops in to
create some extra sunbathing capacity
the cockpit carries on the good work
with a folding backrest and another
table that drops down into the gap but
what's really striking about this boat
in the absence of that fly bridge is the
light we've got a one-piece screen we've
got the sliding door to starboard the
option of another support we've got two
overhead
skylights and we've got a couple of
enormous window sections one on either
side with an ass galley position up on
the main deck there's face down here for
three cabins two head compartments and
an optional crew cabin are there are
compromises both in the main cabin and
forward verse in order to achieve the
levels of space you get up top but on a
53-foot er you can't argue with the
provision of accommodation in terms of
performance this boat could be rigged
with twin Volvo Penta IPs 600 700 or 800
now with the 800 the flybridge model
achieves around 34 knots so it's fair to
suggest that with the lighter weight of
the coupe a plate operated aerodynamics
it ought to achieve just a little bit
more than that
[Music]
you